Add changes. (#2513)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/fragments/enable-email-as-username.md

## Configure Email Address as the Username

!!! warning
    Configuring the email address as the username in an **already running
    Identity Server** is not the production recommended way. Therefore,
    **make sure to configure it before you begin working with WSO2 IS**.
    

> 1.  Login to the management console and click **Claims > List > http://wso2.org/claims**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Log in to the Management Console and click **Claims > List > http://wso2.org/claims**.
```

   
2. Click the **Edit** link corresponding to the **Username** claim and configure the `Mapped Attribute` property to `mail`.

    ![email-as-username-attribute-mapping](../../assets/img/guides/email-as-username-attribute-mapping.png)
    
3. Click **Update** to save the changes.

4.  Open the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file.

5.  Add the following configuration to enable email authentication.

    ``` toml
    [tenant_mgt]
    enable_email_domain= true
    ```
    

> 6. Configure the following set of parameters in the user store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Configure the following set of parameters in the userstore
```

Reviewer: Please change user store to one word wherever applicable.

    </div>
    </div>
    <div class="admonition note">
    <p class="admonition-title">Note</p>
    <p>Before this configuration, the user having the username <strong>admin</strong> and password <strong>admin</strong> was considered the super administrator. The super administrator user cannot be deleted.</p>
    <p>After this configuration, the user having the username <strong><code>                  admin@wso2.com                 </code></strong> is considered the super administrator. The user having the username admin is considered as a normal administrator.<br />
    <img src="../../../assets/img/guides/super-admin.png" width="600" /></p></div>
    </div></td>
    </tr>
    </tbody>
    </table>

    !!! info 
        - With these configuration users can log in to super tenant with both
        email user name (**`alex@gmail.com`**) or
        non-email user names (`larry`). However, for tenants, only email user names are allowed. (**`tod@gmail.com@wso2.com`**). 

>         - You can configure email user name without enabling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - You can configure email username without enabling
```

Reviewer: Please make all instances of user name, username.

>         **`enable_email_domain`** property (step 5), then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       the  **`enable_email_domain`** property (step 5). Then
```

>         users can login to both super tenant and tenant using email and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        users can log in to both the super tenant and the tenant using email and
```
